Added C# code tabs to SurfaceTool.rst (#8192)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/3d/procedural_geometry/surfacetool.rst

    # Commit to a mesh.
    var mesh = st.commit()

 .. code-tab:: csharp

    var st = new SurfaceTool();

    st.Begin(Mesh.PrimitiveType.Triangles);

>     // Prepare attributes for add_vertex.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Prepare attributes for AddVertex.
```

    # Alternatively:
    st.index()

 .. code-tab:: csharp

    // Creates a quad from four corner vertices.

>     // Add_index does not need to be called before add_vertex.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // AddIndex does not need to be called before AddVertex.
```
Could you also change the GDScript comment to say `add_index` as it shouldn't have a capital letter
